README.md, before:

# Firepack App
> Kickstart your [Firepack](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack/) application

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bulicmatko/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/bulicmatko/firepack-app)
[![Code Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/bulicmatko/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/github/bulicmatko/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](http://npm-stat.com/charts.html?package=firepack-app&from=2016-08-01)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack-app/blob/master/LICENSE)

### DISCLAIMER

**Firepack App** is in its **early phase of development** and can be
a **subject of breaking changes** in near future.


## What is Firepack App

Firepack App is a simple application starter for Firepack.


## Demo

To see it in action, please check the [demo](https://firepack-app.firebaseapp.com/).


## Contributing

If you want to contribute or share your ideas, please feel free to [contact me](mailto:bulicmatko@gmail.com).


## License

Copyright (c) 2016 [Matko Bulic](mailto:bulicmatko@gmail.com)  
Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack-app/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat(welcome page): update docs and welcome page
update docs and update welcome page with more info about the project

README.md, after:

# Firepack App
> Kickstart your [Firepack](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack/) application

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bulicmatko/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/bulicmatko/firepack-app)
[![Code Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/bulicmatko/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/github/bulicmatko/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](http://npm-stat.com/charts.html?package=firepack-app&from=2016-08-01)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/firepack-app)
[![NPM Status](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/firepack-app.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack-app/blob/master/LICENSE)

### DISCLAIMER

**Firepack App** is in its **early phase of development** and can be
a **subject of breaking changes** in near future.


## What is Firepack App

Firepack App is a simple application starter for Firepack.


## How can I use Firepack App

1. Clone the repo

    git clone https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack-app.git <your-app-name>

2. Navigate to created folder

    cd <your-app-name>

3. Install

    npm i

4. Start the app (in development mode)

    npm start

5. Open your browser at `http://localhost:8888/auth`

6. Edit source code and enjoy :)

7. Check npm scripts in `package.json` to see what this starter offers 


## Need more docs?

**More documentation will be available soon.**


## Demo

To see it in action, please check the [demo](https://firepack-app.firebaseapp.com/).


## Contributing

If you want to contribute or share your ideas, please feel free to [contact me](mailto:bulicmatko@gmail.com).


## License

Copyright (c) 2016 [Matko Bulic](mailto:bulicmatko@gmail.com)  
Licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/bulicmatko/firepack-app/blob/master/LICENSE)
